add deprecation notice in preparation for archiving this repo (#45)
juju-solutions/charm-mysql: README.md

# DEPRECATION NOTICE

> This repo is home to a hook-based charm from a simpler time. Source for the currently supported [mysql charm](https://charmhub.io/mysql) can be found in the [mysql-operator repo](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator).  Issues should be raised there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is deprecated. 

Please for the [mysql (machine charm)](https://charmhub.io/mysql) report issues on [mysql-operator repo](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator)
For [mysql (Kubernetes charm)](https://charmhub.io/mysql-k8s) report issues on [mysql-k8s-operator repo](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-k8s-operator)
```
